# Neo-Victoria
The Cyber/Steampunk Parkour zombie Revolution Mod For Victoria II Is Here /gsg/!  NeoVictoria follows a deranged and disturbing timeline where following the invention of the internet during the early 19th century after a catasrophic event with uncertain roots Queen Victoria was able to impose a Pan-European Cyberstate over her domain. All-seeing Vaporwave Neon Pyramids defend the Holy CyberNetic Realm, and a massive eye in the clouds looks over the Motherboard that is the TechoMistresses Divine Kingdom.  In The East, The NeoByzantine Lands of CyberMesopotania and Nu-Babylon have successfully connected each of their citizens to an All-knowing Hivemind via Neural Implants in their brains. The CyberPharoah is connected with his land and the land connected with him. He is truly the state.  In the barren east, survivors of the apocalypse have constructed a highly technological society from the rubble. A crude form of internet, constructed with pipes,cogs and valves powers this highly engineered society, merchants operate from their NetNavigators in their trade with the Australian Tribes and children are literally born with the power of the cyberzone inbedded in their minds. Their Capital: NeoTokyo, bleeds…  America is divided into a multitude of DataRepublics, all vying for supremacy. The WebLuddites, shunning all forms of cybernetic communication clash with Her Cybernetic Highness'es forces in the barren wastelands of Greenland.  The world stands still as the powers-that-be prepare to play their cards, and there can only be one in this new age of the Cyber Revolution. Which side are you on?  Slave to the cyberzone. Can you escape?
